hello everyone this is dark Newt and
this is episode 3 i've escaped the
facility so it's been a while since I
recorded part 2 i've been out of town
for a few days and I haven't been able
to make any videos but we are back so
it's time to continue so in the last
video we reached the outside of the
facility here and we found some stairs
and off-camera explore these buildings
in there was a bit up there so I slept
so now the rain is gone and I have these
stairs and at first I couldn't figure
out what to do with them because I guess
at the time this look like it was too
high for the stairs but in all actuality
that's only two blocks high just for
half blocks and I guess I was being
stupid and I didn't see it via that
under construction sign is a lie you
just put the stairs there and you jump
over as simple as that so yeah let's
take a minecart & oh shit ok almost lost
that one we so yeah I just now put up a
dual commentary by with a guy by the
name of JC so check that out on my
channel i plan on doing a lot of those
in the future so yeah I'm pretty excited
about that I hope everybody likes it
tell me what you guys thought please
leave comments on that video but anywho
place redstone here so who opens the
door or anything else I want all right
let's go to do blue water tunnel thing
of that's it ok anything else
interesting guess not it's very long
ladder
they're long ladder to do yeah
o.o readjusting some more I hope not I
hope not Oh button what's this button do
oh oh that's cool okay ready right okay
that's a hit that's what hit it
okay good
what okay let me think what am I
supposed to do how to get up there or
okay let me think that one's there then
I press the button it goes in but
mm-hmm I don't know why can't I get this
okay jump there we go okay I got to this
far yes yes I got it I got it I got it
okay you have no idea how many tries i
took it's so difficult okay there's that
tongue all over there where does this go
kind of scared okay we got some doors
metal doors all right let's go let's go
up these little half stone steps things
see we find the believers well I should
you have this don't I use that maybe I
don't know I don't still have that stone
or not let's look guy want you to
whatever office do not disturb I'm
disturbed motherfucker I'm playing it
damn it not really not a lot of look in
there oh whoa let me I'm gonna disturb
anyway so they can i'll do that one
maybe this block ever breaks come on I
see he's hiding in here nothing that's
it I was a waste alright so let's go out
let's go back to these doors and see if
I can craft a button what's this these
chests you know see if I craft a button
now let's do a pressure plate and yay
okay now dot another long hallway to
some more stairs what's this what's the
sign say rails are powered okay more
rails Oh what powered by what there's
our button i missed oh wait damn I maybe
this will feel like a red Sun switch
somewhere that i missed won't take a
minecart with me I'll just run down
there hmm maybe I supposed to turn us on
but I don't know how I don't have any
buttons third button in here can you
destroy these things for any material no
hmm well I'm going to run down this my
cart and or my track so I'll transition
when I reach the end of it so yeah
alright guys at the end of this mine
track sorry about that I don't know if I
just cheated I think feel like looking
around too long honestly so yeah who we
got some jumps here I barely lit so a
pit of water down there I jump that yeah
I was an impossible jump he's a crap
but where we at now chapter 2 hey bruh
Oh what the fuck
you already know the rules but here they
are again you know just do not do that a
lot you're not place or destroyed any
blocks and I remove any torches plan on
peaceful you may vary clay yes I know
that well guys I don't know what's going
on but apparently we're back at the
beginning but I'm pretty sure we're
supposed to continue so yeah that's the
end of part three started if it was a
bit short but yeah check out part 4 i'll
probably upload it soon after this one
so later is